PKI - Allow revocation of expired certificates (#638)
openbao/openbao: changelog/638.txt

> ```release-note:feature

Reviewer: Features are generally large changes... Something like building a role system for intermediate CAs or adding ACME support or something similar. I think this is better suited as an `improvement`. :-)

> **PKI Secret Engine**: Added support for revoking expired certificates by introducing the 
> `allow_expired_cert_revocation` flag. 
> **PKI Secret Engine**: Added a new field `revoked_safety_buffer` to the CRL configuration, 
> allowing differentiation between retention times for revoked certificates and 
> expired-but-not-revoked certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
secret/pki: Support revoking expired certificates iwth the `allow_expired_cert_revocation` CRL configuration.
secret/pki: Add `revoked_safety_buffer` to control retention on revoked certificates separately from expired certificates. 
```
